feat: Add docs for Pulse notes PUL-1377 (#164)
codacy/pulse-user-docs: docs/notes.md

# Tracking the impact of changes

> Some changes in your organization, either internal or external to the environment, can impact your software delivery process. For example, changes in the team structure or membership, teams adopting new working processes, or major events affecting the system stability, might have a positive or negative impact on your teams' performance.

Reviewer: I wonder if we may shorten this, merging the two sentences perhaps?

Author: Thank you for the proposal! 🙏  I was trying to shorten this paragraph, but as I want to keep the examples within the sentence (and not in a list), I prefer to keep two sentences, otherwise, it would be too long. Also, I want to pass the two ideas: the impact on the software delivery process, and the impact on the performance of the teams.

> Some changes in your organization, either internal or external to the environment, can impact your software delivery process. For example, changes in the team structure or membership, teams adopting new working processes, or major events affecting the system stability, might have a positive or negative impact on your teams' performance.
> 
> Pulse enables you to track and correlate the impact that specific changes might have on your teams' performance using **notes** to signal actions or events that took place on a specific date.

Reviewer 2: Small edit proposal just to avoid the "dangling apostrophe" (I tend to prefer that even though the text becomes longer):

```suggestion
Some changes in your organization, either internal or external to the environment, can impact your software delivery process. For example, changes in the team structure or membership, teams adopting new working processes, or major events affecting the system stability, might have a positive or negative impact on the performance of your teams.

Pulse enables you to track and correlate the impact that specific changes might have on the performance of your teams using **notes** to signal actions or events that took place on a specific date.
```

> Pulse enables you to track and correlate the impact that specific changes might have on your teams' performance using **notes** to signalize actions or events that took place on a specific date.

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
Pulse enables you to track and correlate the impact that specific changes might have on your teams' performance using **notes** to signal actions or events that took place on a specific date.
```

![Pulse notes](images/notes.png)

> Pulse shows your organization notes across the different dashboards - [Accelerate overview](metrics/accelerate.md), [Changes & Reviews](metrics/accelerate-changes.md), and [Lead & Cycle time](metrics/lead-cycle-time.md). This way you can compare each performance metric before and after a specific change occurred.

Reviewer: I think we can remove the "occurred" here:
```suggestion
Pulse shows your organization notes across the different dashboards - [Accelerate overview](metrics/accelerate.md), [Changes & Reviews](metrics/accelerate-changes.md), and [Lead & Cycle time](metrics/lead-cycle-time.md). This way you can compare each performance metric before and after a specific change.
```

!!! note
    -   Notes are global to the organization. Any member can add or delete any note.

>     -   Pulse dashboards show the latest 100 notes for the selected time range.

Author: @mrfyda I tweaked this sentence to include the 100 notes limitation.
@therightmandev Can you please confirm if this limitation is correctly described? Is Pulse showing the latest 100 notes for the selected time range?

Author: @therightmandev I'm closing this conversation, as you already confirmed this in [Slite](https://codacy.slite.com/app/docs/0xFeGj0kTi3GGX?threadId=0Nqi_FOYX70j61).

>     -   Pulse dashboards show the data for the maximum one year period, thus you won't be able to see notes older than that period.

Reviewer 2: Edit to simplify/clarify the sentence:

```suggestion
    -   Pulse dashboards show at most one year of data, thus you won't be able to see notes older than that period.
```

Author: I had to rewrite the sentence to include another limitation: 
"Pulse dashboards show the latest 100 notes for the selected time range."

As I'm now referring to the "selected time range" (maximum one year, in Pulse), I believe I can skip the part about not seeing the data older than that period. Do you agree, @prcr ?

Reviewer 2: I like how it essentially says the same thing in a simpler way. :+1:

Like this, we don't explicitly say that it will be impossible (at least for now) to see notes older than one year, but we can adjust later if we see that users have questions about the issue.

## Using notes

> Pulse dashboards show a vertical line when there are notes for that period. Hover over a line to display the notes icon below, near the dates axis. Click the notes icon to open the notes card and see all the notes for that period.

Reviewer 2: I think we can refer to the "date axis" (singular "date"):

```suggestion
Pulse dashboards show a vertical line when there are notes for that period. Hover over a line to display the notes icon below, near the date axis. Click the notes icon to open the notes card and see all the notes for that period.
```

> Pulse dashboards show a vertical line when there are notes for that period of time. Hovering each line, you'll see the notes icon below, near the dates axis. Click the notes icon to open the notes card and see all the notes for that period.

Reviewer: Edit suggestion to use the present tense:
```suggestion
Pulse dashboards show a vertical line when there are notes for that period. Hover over a line to display the notes icon below, near the dates axis. Click the notes icon to open the notes card and see all the notes for that period.
```

![Pulse notes card](images/notes-card.png)

On the notes card, you can add new notes for the same period and delete existing notes.

> ![Add or delete Pulse notes](images/notes-add-delete.png)
> 
> To add a new note for a specific date period, hover the mouse below that period near the date axis and click the add icon.
> 
> ![Add a new note to Pulse](images/notes-add-new.png)

Reviewer 2: Small detail, but we can use the present participle for the image alt text to give the idea that they illustrate an action being performed:

```suggestion
![Adding or deleting Pulse notes](images/notes-add-delete.png)

To add a new note for a specific date period, hover the mouse below that period near the date axis and click the add icon.

![Adding a new note to Pulse](images/notes-add-new.png)
```
